but a bump on the bumper debuff but i ba
ba ba ba ba Jimmy Kimmel Live ohlet's hi
again it's Jimmy checking in from home
where my daughter made the opening for
me in case you're wondering if our
graphics team is okay they are I hope
you are okay too this is my daily mini
log from beautiful downtown quarantine
where remember when we used to think
we'd never get to all the shows on
Netflix well now we have and of course
while we are stuck inside there's a lot
going on outside the United States and
Canada temporarily closed the border to
all non-essential travel after the CDC
released a warning saying that the
corona virus can survive on the surface
of a moose for up to nine days Trump
said the move was being done by mutual
consent so finally he's getting consent
and Canada was like you know what
honestly we've been wanting to close the
border with you guys for quite a few
years now so this works out so we are
social distancing ourselves from Canada
now and they from us Trump meanwhile has
a catchy little nickname for the
coronavirus he now calls it the Chinese
virus every chance he gets because you
know they say a great way to prevent a
virus from spreading is to name it
something racist that way people keep it
on the down-low
I don't know why he does this actually I
do know why he does it's to deflect
blame away from him it's like when he
started calling Eric and Don junior the
ivana kids we are right now we are
basically living through a disaster
movie in which the president is being
played by Gary Busey meanwhile Steve
select the governor of Nevada took
decisive action he ordered all hotels
and casinos in Vegas and other gaming
cities in the state to close down for a
month so if you feel the need to gamble
on something lick a doorknob do not go
to Las Vegas the governor made a
powerful speech and the president was
jealous and I don't blame him really
closing down casinos that's Donald
Trump's thing the state of Nevada has
started a hashtag to encourage people
not to go out stay home for Nevada but
don't just stay home for Nevada stay
home for yourselves and for everyone and
that message is especially directed at
older people many of whom I found are
not taking this seriously I don't know
about you but some of the people in my
own family and you know who you are if
you're watching think it's okay to go to
Pilates now because they wiped down the
machines or to go to the DMV this week
which is a disgusting place to go when
there's no virus to worry about and then
you yell at them you gang up on them but
they don't listen which is gonna force
us to do something drastic something we
don't want to do like taking blue bloods
away you want that to happen don't make
us take Donnie Wahlberg from you because
we will stay at home I guess because we
never had anything like this before
nobody really knows how to handle it how
to stay normal how to kind of schedule
yourself so I thought I'd lay out a kind
of a suggested framework for your day
first I think it's important very
important to put on pants at some point
for at least two hours a day you just
have to my wife is actually suggesting a
formal Friday where you'd get all
dressed up for dinner even if you're
alone maybe we'll do that think about
that if you have kids please don't post
pictures of your child's daily schedule
it makes the rest of us who are letting
their kids play on the iPad all day feel
bad you can watch up to three movies or
five TV shows per day that's it then you
have to read or write maybe it's a good
time to find a pen pal in prison if you
do need time away from your family the
inside of your car I have found is a
great place to scream and finally make
sure to check in on your loved ones
daily virtually which is something that
I am going to do right now so let me see
I got to figure out how to do this okay
here we go
can you hear me
what is that almonds peanuts and and not
you could get it from Costco yeah I got
them from Costco
wait did you go to Costco I went to
Costco last week it was crazy
and you already ate all those nuts five
days
you're like a circus elephant what have
you been doing the past the time you get
your mo
well Jimmy early in the morning I'd go
walk my dogs walk to the park are you by
yourself yeah just not myself yeah it's
boring you know I go to 7-eleven get get
the newspaper and get my coffee you know
and then come back real quick and you
know what you're not supposed to be
going to 7-eleven I know but I just go
real quick and and I wash my hands and
everything we've you're a national
treasure we have to keep you safe I know
yeah yeah but you know like I have a
sanitizer in my car and then I come in
and out when I go out and I come back
home I go take a shower real quick you
do okay all right have you been drinking
at all at work was your last night
drinking no last Thursday right at work
yeah work it was my last yeah
it's one of the things I love about
Emily does not drink it all all your
work no only drink at work you know it
is crazy and he's funny and he's
unbelievable but yeah I only work I want
to drink Monday to Thursday you do me a
favor I want to see what you're up to
when you go to 7-eleven so next time you
go have a kegger camera rolling and just
I want to see the whole thing okay I
want to make sure you're being safe okay
all right I
okay and then we'll check back in with
you okay all right no problem Jimmy
how's the family
Benji's good baby is good veggie oh he's
having the best time of his life is he
yeah well Monday he wake up at 11:20
yesterday he were a couple of 11:45 it
made you what time you wake up today
yeah you know for what what the dogs in
you know I said all right well Gare mo
you know every day I'm making donation
to a worthwhile cause and today I will
be donating I hope that people join me
in donating to the American Red Cross
okay all right they are always there for
us we must be there to support them so
I'm putting that we're putting that up
on the screen right there here and I
hope that you donate to the Red Cross I
hope that you stay safe
don't do what Guillermo does don't go to
7-eleven I can't believe I'm gonna call
you back in yelling you're after this
but thanks for watching we'll be back
with another mini log tomorrow say
goodbye to everybody Guillermo goodbye
everybody
safe safe